docs: fix medium-severity inaccuracies in Actors pages (#2726)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/actor_definition/actor_json.md

| `environmentVariables` | Optional | A map of environment variables to be used during local development. These variables will also be applied to the Actor when deployed on the Apify platform. For more details, see the [environment variables](/cli/docs/vars) section of the Apify CLI documentation. |
| `dockerfile` | Optional | The path to the Dockerfile to be used for building the Actor on the platform. If not specified, the system will search for Dockerfiles in the `.actor/Dockerfile` and `Dockerfile` paths, in that order. Refer to the [Dockerfile](./docker.md) section for more information. |
| `dockerContextDir` | Optional | The path to the directory to be used as the Docker context when building the Actor. The path is relative to the location of the `actor.json` file. This property is useful for monorepos containing multiple Actors. Refer to the [Actor monorepos](../deployment/source_types.md#actor-monorepos) section for more details. |

> | `readme` | Optional | The path to the README file to be used on the platform. If not specified, the system will look for README files in the `.actor/ACTOR.md`, `.actor/README.md`, root `README.md`, and root `README` paths, in that order of preference. Check out [Apify Marketing Playbook to learn how to write a quality README files](https://apify.notion.site/How-to-create-an-Actor-README-759a1614daa54bee834ee39fe4d98bc2) guidance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `readme` | Optional | The path to the README file to be used on the platform. If not specified, the system will look for README files in the `.actor/ACTOR.md`, `.actor/README.md`, root `README.md`, and root `README` paths, in that order of preference. See the Academy guide on [how to create an Actor README](/academy/actor-marketing-playbook/actor-basics/how-to-create-an-actor-readme). |
```
